chore(docs): update readme verification section (#1491)
traefik/traefik-helm-chart: README.md

## Verification

> Each release of the chart is signed using *provenance files*. You can verify the chart by following the instructions below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with 37.0.0, chart releases are signed using *provenance files*. One can verify the chart by following the instructions below:
```

Reviewer 2: Yes, we use to "impersonate" messages. In this case you can also say:
```suggestion
Starting with 37.0.0, chart releases are signed using *provenance files*. Those can be verified using the following the instructions below:
```

### 1. Download the Public Signing Key

To download the official Traefik Helm chart signing key, run:

```shell
gpg --keyring $HOME/.gnupg/traefik.pubring.kbx --keyserver hkps://keys.openpgp.org --no-default-keyring --receive-keys 'B0FBA7678F685E9B7024B79FFD92BB57C5A71A99'
```

Example output:

```shell
gpg: key FD92BB57C5A71A99: public key "TraefikLabs Chart Signing Key <noreply@traefik.io>" imported
gpg: Total number processed: 1
gpg:               imported: 1
```

> This command downloads the key and stores it in a separate keyring. To add the key to your default keyring, omit the ``--keyring <keyring> --no-default-keyring`` gpg options when running the command.

Author: Why keep the ``--keyring <keyring>`` op?

> ```shell
> gpg --keyring $HOME/.gnupg/traefik.pubring.kbx --keyserver hkps://keys.openpgp.org --no-default-keyring --receive-keys 'B0FBA7678F685E9B7024B79FFD92BB57C5A71A99'
> ```
> 
> Example output:
> 
> ```shell
> gpg: key FD92BB57C5A71A99: public key "TraefikLabs Chart Signing Key <noreply@traefik.io>" imported
> gpg: Total number processed: 1
> gpg:               imported: 1
> ```
> 
> This command downloads the key and stores it in a separate keyring. To add the key to your default keyring, omit the ``--keyring <keyring> --no-default-keyring`` gpg options when running the command.

Reviewer 2: Do we really care ? I see it like apt repo keys. Once you use a repo you generally add the key in trust DB. Then, even if you don't use the repo anymore, you usually don't take the time to remove it (which is not a good practice). Here I think people who will want to bother with this will have enough knowledge to do it by themselves.

````suggestion
```shell
gpg --keyserver hkps://keys.openpgp.org --receive-keys 'B0FBA7678F685E9B7024B79FFD92BB57C5A71A99'
```

Example output:

```shell
gpg: key FD92BB57C5A71A99: public key "TraefikLabs Chart Signing Key <noreply@traefik.io>" imported
gpg: Total number processed: 1
gpg:               imported: 1
```

This command downloads TraefikLabs public key and adds it to `~/.gnupg/pubring.kbx`.
````

Author: > Here I think people who will want to bother with this will have enough knowledge to do it by themselves.

Fair enough, I agree

### 2. Export the Signing Key

By default, GnuPG v2 stores keyrings in a format that is not compatible with Helm chart provenance verification. Before you can verify a Helm chart, you must convert your keyrings to the legacy format:

> ```shell
> gpg --export --output $HOME/.gnupg/traefik.pubring.gpg  --keyring $HOME/.gnupg/traefik.pubring.kbx  --no-default-keyring 'B0FBA7678F685E9B7024B79FFD92BB57C5A71A99'

Reviewer 2: Same here:
````suggestion
```shell
gpg --export --output $HOME/.gnupg/traefik.pubring.gpg 'B0FBA7678F685E9B7024B79FFD92BB57C5A71A99'
````
